Damn it, I think the people from Lu
Well, actually,
Actually, it’s because when I was a child,
After being told that I was being raised, I had the hard time of being an eunuch.
In order to survive and be able to save the child,
So I forced myself to eat everything,
If it is so slow, the lonely person will suffer.
If you hadn't saved me back then,
I won’t say anything, it’s all my fault,
These young people make you say no more.
Don't choose brother
Don't blame yourself
those things you did
I came here willingly to give it a try
Auntie remembers your favorite food when you were a child.
I am allergic to seafood
If you are popular, you will get into trouble
It's an old woman
Why do you like serving food to others so much?
You don't like to be popular
Will they?
I like eating delicious food the most
I just said how could I remember it wrong? Bai Chengchang
how does it taste